thank you for joining us we begin in
central Gaza where an Israeli air strike
in Dar albala has killed at least seven
Aid workers most of them foreign
Nationals their Convoy was hit shortly
after leaving a warehouse the victims
include a Palestinian a US Canadian dual
National and citizens of Australia the
UK and Poland there were employees of
world Central Kitchen a charity
coordinating Aid deliveries to the Gaza
Strip by ship the Israeli Army says it's
reviewing the incident at the highest
levels
the world Central Kitchen has described
the killing of its staff members as a
targeted attack in a statement it says
the team was moving in a deconflict Zone
in two armored cars and another vehicle
bearing the organization's logo and
despite coordinating its movements with
the Israeli Army the Convoy was bombed
while leaving a warehouse it says this
is an attack not only on our
organization but on humanitarian
organizations and the charity says it is
unforgivable World Central kitchen is
pausing its operations immediately in
the region and will be making decisions
about the future of its work soon let's
bring in alzer's tar Abu aom in Rafa
Southern Gaza for the latest so an
attack that happened in central Gaza tar
and more details are emerging about the
circumstances of it what more do you
know and what have been the reactions
there yes absolutely it's a new
devastating attack that has been carried
rried out by the Israeli military
against one of the most prominent
humanitarian organizations inside Gaza
which is responsible for a receiving all
the convoys being delivered by the
recently established Mary time Corridor
in coordination with the Israeli
military and to be also Distributing aid
for the majority of areas in the another
desperate part of the Gaza Strip now
seven members of this organization has
have been uh killed in that attack and
uh one of them has been including a
Palestinian driver now uh these uh this
attack considered to be really critical
and serious this time because uh the the
attack has been carried out despite the
previous coordination according to the
RO Central Kitchen with the Israeli
military in terms of the roots that they
will be using in order to uh move from
different between different areas in the
Gaza STP and by the way uh the wal
Central Kitchen is the only responsible
entity that had been receiving much of
these AIDS and to be uh responsible for
Distributing and uh the uh world Central
Kitchen has been saying that the two
cars have been one of the car has been
hit as after unloading 100 tons of a
humanitarian assistance in darl balah
warehouses and this attack absolutely uh
considered to be a serious development
because it had been carried out against
the humanitarian uh organizations and
Aid workers and this will absolutely
create a state of insecurity for other
humanitarian organizations to be
operating inside the Gaza Strip and as
we we have been hearing from the uh
directors of the world Central Kitchen
they are looking for further decisions
about the future of the work inside Gaza
and that will bring and lead to negative
repercussions regarding the humanitarian
situation in the another part of the
Gaza Strip which means that there might
be further suspension of their
humanitarian work inside the territory
and that happens despite the Israeli
repeated uh statements saying that they
are facilitating Aid deliveries to the
north and to of areas in the Gaza Strip
and at the same time here they are
attacking eight workers eight Seekers
and now they are attacking the
organizations responsible for
facilitating the process of Aid
deliveries to hundreds of thousands of
Palestinian families in the Norther part
of the territory and from the
Palestinian perspective they they see
that it could be a step taken by the
Israeli military in order to force the
majority of a humanitarian organization
to stop operating inside the Gaza Strip
just to let to to leave Israel to get
more flexible operational Mobility on
the ground in the north an Forest
residents to flee from the another part
of the Gaza Strip as it's using right
now salvation as a weapon of War tar
thank you very much for that that's Al
jaer is tar abom live there in Rafa
Southern Gaza